like it was a very recurring theme of the
heart there the themes of the heart
are a little different no I mean they are
characters like more
of professions not a singer an actor
and here it is more like suddenly the cousin
of Chabelita's son the brother-in-law of Rocío
Jurado with the nephew suddenly becomes
famous one that has gone to Big Brother and
there not so much no yesterday heart very
different No we do not have those
great families that there are in Spain with
those lineage with that with those surnames
so very big here really no as I
tell you almost all the people that
talk about for example Los Riberas yes they would be
a little bit the ones that have that name in
Mexico yes you find a lot of that you know
and in the United States we talk
a lot about the Mexican show business of those
great families of talent like the
Pinal Silvia Pinal let's say that she was the
first great actress of Mexico and her
family example
Alejandra Alejandra Guzmán that I'm sure you
know no Or for example another
family if you tell me Yes but right now I ca
n't put a face to it Okay well
Alejandra Guzmán who is a singer who
sang with Gloria Trevi later  for
example, the Mexican family that
we talk a lot about in the United States are the
Fernández who just passed away, for
example Vicente Fernández, his son
Alejandro Fernández, let's say they are the
great, the great families that we
also talk about in the United States
because they are the big names in
Mexico and as I tell you, here in the United
States almost everyone, almost all
Hispanics, 80% of Hispanics are Mexican,
but of course then suddenly we have a
lot, a lot of reggaeton singers
that we talk about daily, I've been here since
almost and Yailín, we talk about every
day on television until here, you
know, yes, I talk about that, yes, I talk about that,
viral. There they talk about Gary,
not on TV, not
on TV, that she's with a Spanish boy
now that those are influencers who
seem to have a lot of followers and
now of course they've left, they lived. Well, now
they're in Mexico, I think, and the
boy got into a fight with the camera, I think it's
from your network and everywhere, school sounds familiar,
something sounds familiar, at the airport,
let's go, no, Nano didn't have time
to kick the cameras, punches and
hit the camera and they put him in the
jail obviously he was
in jail for four days agreed but he's not a super
character but I do remember I remember that
but for example here we talk a lot about
now a singer So he's super
close and super strong who is Mexican
also the featherweight who is as I say
but he followed me the other day on Twitter
featherweight I
swear you're going to freak out look at me I was like
saying Excuse me let's see
I say look featherweight I
said no
and of course I understand that this is him no
because look Kick follows him a
lot of people follow him How many millions
here does he have half a million on Twitter and
on Instagram
more it's
not the real one this account I imagine that it does
have it painted that it is verified
No yes but of course You know that you are
verified today Of course but I looked like he
has a lot of likes on each
Maybe a fan account eh but I said
Okay then Okay well more followed
featherweight that guy is right now he is the
biggest thing that has given birth right now here
Regional Mexican
is fused with urban music and it is
the most popular right now he is like the Bad
Bunny of Puerto Rico No well
this is like the Bad Bunny of Mexico
now a song with bizarrap this
is also a guy who doesn't have a great voice
in fact I interviewed him a
while ago and I didn't like the voice he
had and in fact they always
criticized him he always said but he has
like he says he has a kind of
flow there a steel that is called los
correo tumbados which is a music
like regional Mexican fused
with urban music and that sounds very
good that people like and is super catchy
and he is one of those artists who now no longer
want to do television they don't want to
do any type of interviews that no I'm
not going to say
that today on television but it's like
Bad Bunny if they have to give a
statement they want the
cameras to chase them they don't want them to ask him not to
be behind him and he hates that they
hate journalists they hate
cameras they hate television and and when they
speak to the press it is through
their Life and their social networks and that's
strong because of course because there are
journalists and there are journalists there are
journalists who do their job well and
then there are people who unfortunately
sometimes they pay just for sinners but they
bother they get involved maybe because he
calls me  Pay close attention to what you
told me, for example, it's not the same here, it's
not like you have certain lines when it comes
to commenting on gossip and
gossip, like for example, you were outraged by
Kiko Hernández's comment on Ay
because he was wearing glasses and it seemed like he was
going I don't know what, I don't know how much that is here, for
example, you know, it's very common.
Well, not on all programs. Of course, in
some,
not so much, and also in the United States, a
place where there are so many
lawsuits, you know, and that kind of thing, so one is
very measured when
speaking, which I understand is an
opinion. But if you're going to pay attention, if you're going to
understand that something serious could be
in the end, I don't know about the lawsuit there, here, here,
too, the issue of lawsuits, these
people are there all the time,
but here, here, the lawsuits are in the
millions, it's crazy, it
's crazy, we take great care when it comes to
speaking, you know, and
people don't like that aggressiveness either. I feel like on the
screen, it's
been very good for me to be very
direct, but I don't usually go to those
extremes.